Elevator Pitch:
- 90 sec max
- 3 to 4 sentences max

Why important?
The purpose is (not to land job) to get to the next step.
So they remember you.

Creates leverage (something you can do once, but able
to use it in multiple scinarios to anyone. (networking
emails, introductions, interviews)
"tell me about yourself" -- you're ready w/pitch

Conveys confidence and demonstrates effective communication
People are like horses - they can sense fears and want to
sense confidence (no uncertainty, at least fake it till u
make it)

4 Principles for Pitches

1. Traits trump work experience
Your work experience is secondary to your traits and
characteristics. Demostrate you have the traits they want

a. Curious - driven to learn and solve problems
b. Persistent - tenacious
c. Collaborator - most companies are cross functional
d. Initiative/Self-motivated/Self-starter to learn how
business operates but assertive to raise hand when don't
understand something

2. Positive framing (don't use what's not positive)
You need to frame your past experiences in a way that
highlights the positive.

Past in Retail --> Mastered identifiyin and solving customer needs by working 
with then face to face

Exposure to range of industries and experiences taught me what
I'm good at

OLD --> Matures and steady - sense of urgency

YOUNG --> Energy and Hungry


Challenge
1. Draft your pitch
2. Share with 3 fellow students for feedback
3. Share with your PM and career coach

3. Show don't tell
Show evidence

4. Lean into your difference
Difference is powerful. Embrace it - Just make sure you
demonstrate the traits.

Dont just aim at being a pro but an unicorn - you can't learn
authenticity or individuality -- lean into your difference
as much as you can.

Caveat
There's always exceptions - worst case scenario lean on your
Lambda experiece

How to build pitch
1. Make a list of your previous 2-4 years and key experiences
and accomplishments that show you have the desired traits above

2. Choose 2-3 sentences


Pitch Template
Intro : SAy, "Hi" and tell them who you are 
Body: walk through 2-3 specific examples in recent yrs that best
exemplify the desired traits (show and tell)

End: bring it home

